Andy's going to college can you believe
it what are you gonna do with these old
toys okay calm down let's just keep this
in perspective where's she taking us I
should've seen this coming we'll be fine
Jessie oh I hate all this uncertainty
new toys well as light here at your
service welcome to Sunnyside folks
you'll find in donate it was the best
thing that ever happened to you Oh who's
the loss of Star 2370 come back that's
just a dinosaur toy down street that's
nothing let me just take care of that
it's the dinosaur can we got guests
so who's ready for Ken's dream tour
let's show our new friends were they'll
be staying folks if you want to step
right this way hi I'm Ken Barbie love
your leg warmers nice Ascot we can have
a whole new life here woody we're Andy's
toys hey what'd you guys think of the
new recruits any keepers out place that
space guy it could be useful oh I want
to get played with Rex they just love
new toys now those things oh it was cold
and dark nothing could sand in a couple
of Lincoln Logs I don't think those were
Lincoln lugs you got a play date with
destiny he's looking for us and he's
looking for us listen up we're busting
out of here Woody's no ordinary toilet
he's brave we gotta get you home boy and
he leaves tomorrow with the thing that
makes what he's special is he'll never
give up on you never know you and your
friends they never getting out of here
what's important now is we stay together
what's the Dean ahead
you would not believe where I've been
through chat night